[FLINK-33587][docs] Tidy up docs around JDBC (#23743)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/dev/table/jdbcDriver.md

You may also need the [SLF4J](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/slf4j/slf4j-api/) (`slf4j-api-{slf4j.version}.jar`) jar.

### SQLLine

[SQLLine](https://github.com/julianhyde/sqlline) is a lightweight JDBC command line tool that supports general JDBC drivers. 

To use SQLLine you will need to clone [the GitHub repository](https://github.com/julianhyde/sqlline) and compile the project first (`./mvnw package -DskipTests`).

1. Download the following JARs and add them both to the `target` directory of SQLLine project:
   1. [Flink JDBC Driver](https://repo.maven.apache.org/maven2/org/apache/flink/flink-sql-jdbc-driver-bundle/) (`flink-jdbc-driver-bundle-{VERSION}.jar`) 
   2. [SLF4J](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/slf4j/slf4j-api/) (`slf4j-api-{slf4j.version}.jar`)
2. Run SQLLine with command `./bin/sqlline` 
3. From SQLLine, connect to a Flink SQL gateway using the `!connect` command. 

    Since the Flink SQL gateway currently ignores user names and passwords just leave them empty.

    ```sql

> 	sqlline version 1.13.0

Reviewer: where did you get it?
The latest sqlline version is 1.12.0 (i was a release manager there btw =))

Author: I built it from the github repo per the doc instructions :) https://github.com/apache/flink/pull/23743/files/940465d9294f4cbc4e64b06610bfe7d47a6a1ee7#diff-1f75f7a315c8363270172df0bf6850eac1f9ce6c3a4b9f8ee8c8d90ce75bda68R68

Reviewer: based on https://github.com/julianhyde/sqlline/blob/f7889ec6058ce404489ed0443755f5885e6258eb/pom.xml#L13
it's pretty likely it's impossible to get 1.13.0 without extra changes
it's possible to get only `1.13.0-SNAPSHOT` (or did I miss anything?)
anyway since it is not officially released we can not refer to it, only to something which is announced and released officially

Author: ah yes, you're completely right, sorry. It is `1.13.0-SNAPSHOT`. I'll update the PR.

}
```

### Other languages

In addition to Java, the Flink JDBC driver can be used by any JVM language such as Scala, Kotlin etc. Add the dependency of Flink JDBC driver in your project and use it directly.

> Most applications may use data access frameworks to access data, for example, JOOQ, MyBatis and Spring Data. You can configure the Flink JDBC driver in them to perform Flink queries on an existing Flink cluster, just like a regular database.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph is still difficult to understand. Let's clean it up; maybe something like the suggestion below. I also think this content should be moved up so that it becomes an introductory paragraph in the Use with Application section, instead of being buried here.

```suggestion
Many applications access data in SQL databases, either directly, or through frameworks like JOOQ, MyBatis, and Spring Data. You can configure these applications and frameworks to use the Flink JDBC driver so that they perform SQL queries on a Flink cluster instead of a regular database.
```
